So let's talk about Amazon WorkSpaces.
So it's a managed desktop as a service,
so DaaS solution to easily provision
Windows or Linux desktop.
So the idea is that, it's just going to be a solution
that is going to allow you
to eliminate what's called on-premises VDI,
so, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure.
So the idea is that if someone,
someone wants you to have a windows laptop in the cloud,
they can do so using WorkSpaces.
It's fast and it quickly scales to thousands of users.
It's secured because it's integrated with KMS,
and it's pay as you go service,
so you only pay for the usage of these actual desktops.
So you're a user, you're maybe at home,
and you want to access a secure windows desktop
from within AWS,
you would provision one using workspaces,
and then you would get access to your cloud
or your corporate data center
directly from this virtual desktop
that is going to be secure and maybe within your VPC.
So that's the IDB one workspaces,
if you see anything related to virtual desktops
or manage desktop as a service, think workspaces.
Finally, there's been some questions in the exam about,
minimizing latencies for workspaces.
So if you have, for example,
two corporate offices in California and Paris
and uses there, the best practice is to deploy workspaces
as close as possible to your users,
so you would deploy maybe one workspace,
in the U.S.
And then your California user would access
that workspace directly for them there
and the other one would be obviously to place
another workspace closer to your european users in Europe.
And so the idea is here,
you'd have as many workspace regions as
you know, center locations you have for your company
to minimize latency.
And overall, if you wanna minimize latency,
always think about deploying close to users.
Okay so, not just workspaces, but any other app,
if you wanna minimize latency,
deploy it as maintained as possible across the world,
close to users.
So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.